{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Exodus 12 \par
\par
1 And Jehovah spake unto Moses and Aaron in the land \par
of Egypt, saying, \par
\par
2 This month shall be unto you the beginning of months: \par
it shall be the first month of the year to you. \par
\par
3 Speak ye unto all the congregation of Israel, saying, In \par
the tenth [day] of this month they shall take to them every man a \par
lamb, according to their fathers' houses, a lamb for a household: \par
\par
4 and if the household be too little for a lamb, then shall \par
he and his neighbor next unto his house take one according to the \par
number of the souls; according to every man's eating ye shall make \par
your count for the lamb. \par
\par
5 Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male a year old: \par
ye shall take it from the sheep, or from the goats: \par
\par
6 and ye shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same \par
month; and the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill \par
it at even. \par
\par
7 And they shall take of the blood, and put it on the two \par
side-posts and on the lintel, upon the houses wherein they shall eat it. \par
\par
8 And they shall eat the flesh in that night, roast with fire, \par
and unleavened bread; with bitter herbs they shall eat it. \par
\par
9 Eat not of it raw, nor boiled at all with water, but roast \par
with fire; its head with its legs and with the inwards thereof. \par
\par
10 And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning; \par
but that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with \par
fire. \par
\par
\page\par
11 And thus shall ye eat it: with your loins girded, your \par
shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and ye shall eat it in \par
haste: it is Jehovah's passover. \par
\par
12 For I will go through the land of Egypt in that night, \par
and will smite all the first-born in the land of Egypt, both man and \par
beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgments: I \par
am Jehovah. \par
\par
13 And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the \par
houses where ye are: and when I see the blood, I will pass over you, \par
and there shall no plague be upon you to destroy you, when I smite \par
the land of Egypt. \par
\par
14 And this day shall be unto you for a memorial, and ye \par
shall keep it a feast to Jehovah: throughout your generations ye shall \par
keep it a feast by an ordinance for ever. \par
\par
15 Seven days shall ye eat unleavened bread; even the \par
first day ye shall put away leaven out of your houses: for whosoever \par
eateth leavened bread from the first day until the seventh day, that \par
soul shall be cut off from Israel. \par
\par
16 And in the first day there shall be to you a holy \par
convocation, and in the seventh day a holy convocation; no manner \par
of work shall be done in them, save that which every man must eat, \par
that only may be done by you. \par
\par
17 And ye shall observe the [feast of] unleavened bread; \par
for in this selfsame day have I brought your hosts out of the land of \par
Egypt: therefore shall ye observe this day throughout your \par
generations by an ordinance for ever. \par
\par
18 In the first [month], on the fourteenth day of the \par
month at even, ye shall eat unleavened bread, until the one and \par
twentieth day of the month at even. \par
\par
19 Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your \par
houses: for whosoever eateth that which is leavened, that soul shall \par
be cut off from the congregation of Israel, whether he be a sojourner, \par
or one that is born in the land. \par
\par
20 Ye shall eat nothing leavened; in all your habitations \par
shall ye eat unleavened bread. \par
\par
\page\par
21 Then Moses called for all the elders of Israel, and said \par
unto them, Draw out, and take you lambs according to your families, \par
and kill the passover. \par
\par
22 And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the \par
blood that is in the basin, and strike the lintel and the two side-posts \par
with the blood that is in the basin; and none of you shall go out of the \par
door of his house until the morning. \par
\par
23 For Jehovah will pass through to smite the Egyptians; \par
and when he seeth the blood upon the lintel, and on the two sideposts, \par
Jehovah will pass over the door, and will not suffer the \par
destroyer to come in unto your houses to smite you. \par
\par
24 And ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to \par
thee and to thy sons for ever. \par
\par
25 And it shall come to pass, when ye are come to the \par
land which Jehovah will give you, according as he hath promised, \par
that ye shall keep this service. \par
\par
26 And it shall come to pass, when your children shall \par
say unto you, What mean ye by this service? \par
\par
27 that ye shall say, It is the sacrifice of Jehovah's \par
passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in \par
Egypt, when he smote the Egyptians, and delivered our houses. And \par
the people bowed the head and worshipped. \par
\par
28 And the children of Israel went and did so; as Jehovah \par
had commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they. \par
\par
29 And it came to pass at midnight, that Jehovah smote \par
all the first-born in the land of Egypt, from the first-born of Pharaoh \par
that sat on his throne unto the first-born of the captive that was in the \par
dungeon; and all the first-born of cattle. \par
\par
30 And Pharaoh rose up in the night, he, and all his \par
servants, and all the Egyptians; and there was a great cry in Egypt, \par
for there was not a house where there was not one dead. \par
\par
31 And he called for Moses and Aaron by night, and said, \par
Rise up, get you forth from among my people, both ye and the \par
children of Israel; and go, serve Jehovah, as ye have said. \par
\par
\page\par
32 Take both your flocks and your herds, as ye have said, \par
and be gone; and bless me also. \par
\par
33 And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people, to \par
send them out of the land in haste; for they said, We are all dead men. \par
\par
34 And the people took their dough before it was \par
leavened, their kneading-troughs being bound up in their clothes \par
upon their shoulders. \par
\par
35 And the children of Israel did according to the word of \par
Moses; and they asked of the Egyptians jewels of silver, and jewels \par
of gold, and raiment. \par
\par
36 And Jehovah gave the people favor in the sight of the \par
Egyptians, so that they let them have what they asked. And they \par
despoiled the Egyptians. \par
\par
37 And the children of Israel journeyed from Rameses to \par
Succoth, about six hundred thousand on foot that were men, besides \par
children. \par
\par
38 And a mixed multitude went up also with them; and \par
flocks, and herds, even very much cattle. \par
\par
39 And they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which \par
they brought forth out of Egypt; for it was not leavened, because they \par
were thrust out of Egypt, and could not tarry, neither had they \par
prepared for themselves any victuals. \par
\par
40 Now the time that the children of Israel dwelt in Egypt \par
was four hundred and thirty years. \par
\par
41 And it came to pass at the end of four hundred and \par
thirty years, even the selfsame day it came to pass, that all the hosts \par
of Jehovah went out from the land of Egypt. \par
\par
42 It is a night to be much observed unto Jehovah for \par
bringing them out from the land of Egypt: this is that night of \par
Jehovah, to be much observed of all the children of Israel throughout \par
their generations. \par
\par
43 And Jehovah said unto Moses and Aaron, This is the \par
ordinance of the passover: there shall no foreigner eat thereof; \par
\par
\page\par
44 but every man's servant that is bought for money, \par
when thou hast circumcised him, then shall he eat thereof. \par
\par
45 A sojourner and a hired servant shall not eat thereof. \par
\par
46 In one house shall it be eaten; thou shalt not carry \par
forth aught of the flesh abroad out of the house; neither shall ye break \par
a bone thereof. \par
\par
47 All the congregation of Israel shall keep it. \par
\par
48 And when a stranger shall sojourn with thee, and will \par
keep the passover to Jehovah, let all his males be circumcised, and \par
then let him come near and keep it; and he shall be as one that is born \par
in the land: but no uncircumcised person shall eat thereof. \par
\par
49 One law shall be to him that is home-born, and unto \par
the stranger that sojourneth among you. \par
\par
50 Thus did all the children of Israel; as Jehovah \par
commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they. \par
\par
51 And it came to pass the selfsame day, that Jehovah did \par
bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by their hosts. \par
}
 