{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Exodus 29 \par
\par
1 And this is the thing that thou shalt do unto them to \par
hallow them, to minister unto me in the priest's office: take one \par
young bullock and two rams without blemish, \par
\par
2 and unleavened bread, and cakes unleavened mingled \par
with oil, and wafers unleavened anointed with oil: of fine wheaten \par
flour shalt thou make them. \par
\par
3 And thou shalt put them into one basket, and bring \par
them in the basket, with the bullock and the two rams. \par
\par
4 And Aaron and his sons thou shalt bring unto the door \par
of the tent of meeting, and shalt wash them with water. \par
\par
5 And thou shalt take the garments, and put upon Aaron \par
the coat, and the robe of the ephod, and the ephod, and the \par
breastplate, and gird him with the skilfully woven band of the ephod; \par
\par
6 and thou shalt set the mitre upon his head, and put the \par
holy crown upon the mitre. \par
\par
7 Then shalt thou take the anointing oil, and pour it upon \par
his head, and anoint him. \par
\par
8 And thou shalt bring his sons, and put coats upon them. \par
\par
9 And thou shalt gird them with girdles, Aaron and his \par
sons, and bind head-tires on them: and they shall have the priesthood \par
by a perpetual statute: and thou shalt consecrate Aaron and his sons. \par
\par
10 And thou shalt bring the bullock before the tent of \par
meeting: and Aaron and his sons shall lay their hands upon the head \par
of the bullock. \par
\par
11 And thou shalt kill the bullock before Jehovah, at the \par
door of the tent of meeting. \par
\par
12 And thou shalt take of the blood of the bullock, and \par
put it upon the horns of the altar with thy finger; and thou shalt pour \par
out all the blood at the base of the altar. \par
\par
\page\par
13 And thou shalt take all the fat that covereth the \par
inwards, and the caul upon the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat \par
that is upon them, and burn them upon the altar. \par
\par
14 But the flesh of the bullock, and its skin, and it dung, \par
shalt thou burn with fire without the camp: it is a sin-offering. \par
\par
15 Thou shalt also take the one ram; and Aaron and his \par
sons shall lay their hands upon the head of the ram. \par
\par
16 And thou shalt slay the ram, and thou shalt take its \par
blood, and sprinkle it round about upon the altar. \par
\par
17 And thou shalt cut the ram into its pieces, and wash its \par
inwards, and its legs, and put them with its pieces, and with its head. \par
\par
18 And thou shalt burn the whole ram upon the altar: it is \par
a burnt-offering unto Jehovah; it is a sweet savor, an offering made \par
by fire unto Jehovah. \par
\par
19 And thou shalt take the other ram; and Aaron and his \par
sons shall lay their hands upon the head of the ram. \par
\par
20 Then shalt thou kill the ram, and take of its blood, and \par
put it upon the tip of the right ear of Aaron, and upon the tip of the \par
right ear of his sons, and upon the thumb of their right hand, and \par
upon the great toe of their right foot, and sprinkle the blood upon the \par
altar round about. \par
\par
21 And thou shalt take of the blood that is upon the altar, \par
and of the anointing oil, and sprinkle it upon Aaron, and upon his \par
garments, and upon his sons, and upon the garments of his sons with \par
him: and he shall be hallowed, and his garments, and his sons, and his \par
sons' garments with him. \par
\par
22 Also thou shalt take of the ram the fat, and the fat tail, \par
and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul of the liver, and the \par
two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and the right thigh (for it \par
is a ram of consecration), \par
\par
23 and one loaf of bread, and one cake of oiled bread, and \par
one wafer, out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before \par
Jehovah. \par
\par
\page\par
24 And thou shalt put the whole upon the hands of Aaron, \par
and upon the hands of his sons, and shalt wave them for a waveoffering \par
before Jehovah. \par
\par
25 And thou shalt take them from their hands, and burn \par
them on the altar upon the burnt-offering, for a sweet savor before \par
Jehovah: it is an offering made by fire unto Jehovah. \par
\par
26 And thou shalt take the breast of Aaron's ram of \par
consecration, and wave it for a wave-offering before Jehovah: and it \par
shall be thy portion. \par
\par
27 And thou shalt sanctify the breast of the waveoffering, \par
and the thigh of the heave-offering, which is waved, and \par
which is heaved up, of the ram of consecration, even of that which is \par
for Aaron, and of that which is for his sons: \par
\par
28 and it shall be for Aaron and his sons as [their] portion \par
for ever from the children of Israel; for it is a heave-offering: and it \par
shall be a heave-offering from the children of Israel of the sacrifices \par
of their peace-offerings, even their heave-offering unto Jehovah. \par
\par
29 And the holy garments of Aaron shall be for his sons \par
after him, to be anointed in them, and to be consecrated in them. \par
\par
30 Seven days shall the son that is priest in his stead put \par
them on, when he cometh into the tent of meeting to minister in the \par
holy place. \par
\par
31 And thou shalt take the ram of consecration, and boil \par
its flesh in a holy place. \par
\par
32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, \par
and the bread that is in the basket, at the door of the tent of meeting. \par
\par
33 And they shall eat those things wherewith atonement \par
was made, to consecrate [and] to sanctify them: but a stranger shall \par
not eat thereof, because they are holy. \par
\par
34 And if aught of the flesh of the consecration, or of the \par
bread, remain unto the morning, then thou shalt burn the remainder \par
with fire: it shall not be eaten, because it is holy. \par
\par
35 And thus shalt thou do unto Aaron, and to his sons, \par
according to all that I have commanded thee: seven days shalt thou \par
consecrate them. \par
\par
\page\par
36 And every day shalt thou offer the bullock of sinoffering \par
for atonement: and thou shalt cleanse the altar, when thou \par
makest atonement for it; and thou shalt anoint it, to sanctify it. \par
\par
37 Seven days thou shalt make atonement for the altar, \par
and sanctify it: and the altar shall be most holy; whatsoever toucheth \par
the altar shall be holy. \par
\par
38 Now this is that which thou shalt offer upon the altar: \par
two lambs a year old day by day continually. \par
\par
39 The one lamb thou shalt offer in the morning; and the \par
other lamb thou shalt offer at even: \par
\par
40 and with the one lamb a tenth part [of an ephah] of \par
fine flour mingled with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil, and the \par
fourth part of a hin of wine for a drink-offering. \par
\par
41 And the other lamb thou shalt offer at even, and shalt \par
do thereto according to the meal-offering of the morning, and \par
according to the drink-offering thereof, for a sweet savor, an offering \par
made by fire unto Jehovah. \par
\par
42 It shall be a continual burnt-offering throughout your \par
generations at the door of the tent of meeting before Jehovah, where I \par
will meet with you, to speak there unto thee. \par
\par
43 And there I will meet with the children of Israel; and \par
[the Tent] shall be sanctified by my glory. \par
\par
44 And I will sanctify the tent of meeting, and the altar: \par
Aaron also and his sons will I sanctify, to minister to me in the \par
priest's office. \par
\par
45 And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will \par
be their God. \par
\par
46 And they shall know that I am Jehovah their God, that \par
brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell among \par
them: I am Jehovah their God. \par
}
 