{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Deuteronomy 4 \par
\par
1 And now, O Israel, hearken unto the statutes and \par
unto the ordinances, which I teach you, to do them; that ye may live, \par
and go in and possess the land which Jehovah, the God of your \par
fathers, giveth you. \par
\par
2 Ye shall not add unto the word which I command \par
you, neither shall ye diminish from it, that ye may keep the \par
commandments of Jehovah your God which I command you. \par
\par
3 Your eyes have seen what Jehovah did because of \par
Baal-peor; for all the men that followed Baal-peor, Jehovah thy God \par
hath destroyed them from the midst of thee. \par
\par
4 But ye that did cleave unto Jehovah your God are \par
alive every one of you this day. \par
\par
\page\par
5 Behold, I have taught you statutes and ordinances, \par
even as Jehovah my God commanded me, that ye should do so in the \par
midst of the land whither ye go in to possess it. \par
\par
6 Keep therefore and do them; for this is your \par
wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the peoples, that shall \par
hear all these statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and \par
understanding people. \par
\par
7 For what great nation is there, that hath a god so \par
nigh unto them, as Jehovah our God is whensoever we call upon \par
him? \par
\par
8 And what great nation is there, that hath statutes \par
and ordinances so righteous as all this law, which I set before you this \par
day? \par
\par
9 Only take heed to thyself, and keep thy soul \par
diligently, lest thou forget the things which thine eyes saw, and lest \par
they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life; but make them \par
known unto thy children and thy children's children; \par
\par
10 the day that thou stoodest before Jehovah thy \par
God in Horeb, when Jehovah said unto me, Assemble me the people, \par
and I will make them hear my words, that they may learn to fear me \par
all the days that they live upon the earth, and that they may teach \par
their children. \par
\par
11 And ye came near and stood under the mountain; \par
and the mountain burned with fire unto the heart of heaven, with \par
darkness, cloud, and thick darkness. \par
\par
12 And Jehovah spake unto you out of the midst of \par
the fire: ye heard the voice of words, but ye saw no form; only [ye \par
heard] a voice. \par
\par
13 And he declared unto you his covenant, which he \par
commanded you to perform, even the ten commandments; and he \par
wrote them upon two tables of stone. \par
\par
14 And Jehovah commanded me at that time to \par
teach you statutes and ordinances, that ye might do them in the land \par
whither ye go over to possess it. \par
\par
\page\par
15 Take ye therefore good heed unto yourselves; for \par
ye saw no manner of form on the day that Jehovah spake unto you in \par
Horeb out of the midst of the fire. \par
\par
16 Lest ye corrupt yourselves, and make you a \par
graven image in the form of any figure, the likeness of male or \par
female, \par
\par
17 the likeness of any beast that is on the earth, the \par
likeness of any winged bird that flieth in the heavens, \par
\par
18 the likeness of anything that creepeth on the \par
ground, the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth; \par
\par
19 and lest thou lift up thine eyes unto heaven, and \par
when thou seest the sun and the moon and the stars, even all the host \par
of heaven, thou be drawn away and worship them, and serve them, \par
which Jehovah thy God hath allotted unto all the peoples under the \par
whole heaven. \par
\par
20 But Jehovah hath taken you, and brought you \par
forth out of the iron furnace, out of Egypt, to be unto him a people of \par
inheritance, as at this day. \par
\par
21 Furthermore Jehovah was angry with me for \par
your sakes, and sware that I should not go over the Jordan, and that I \par
should not go in unto that good land, which Jehovah thy God giveth \par
thee for an inheritance: \par
\par
22 but I must die in this land, I must not go over the \par
Jordan; but ye shall go over, and possess that good land. \par
\par
23 Take heed unto yourselves, lest ye forget the \par
covenant of Jehovah your God, which he made with you, and make \par
you a graven image in the form of anything which Jehovah thy God \par
hath forbidden thee. \par
\par
24 For Jehovah thy God is a devouring fire, a \par
jealous God. \par
\par
25 When thou shalt beget children, and children's \par
children, and ye shall have been long in the land, and shall corrupt \par
yourselves, and make a graven image in the form of anything, and \par
shall do that which is evil in the sight of Jehovah thy God, to provoke \par
him to anger; \par
\par
\page\par
26 I call heaven and earth to witness against you \par
this day, that ye shall soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto \par
ye go over the Jordan to possess it; ye shall not prolong your days \par
upon it, but shall utterly be destroyed. \par
\par
27 And Jehovah will scatter you among the peoples, \par
and ye shall be left few in number among the nations, whither \par
Jehovah shall lead you away. \par
\par
28 And there ye shall serve gods, the work of men's \par
hands, wood and stone, which neither see, nor hear, nor eat, nor \par
smell. \par
\par
29 But from thence ye shall seek Jehovah thy God, \par
and thou shalt find him, when thou searchest after him with all thy \par
heart and with all thy soul. \par
\par
30 When thou art in tribulation, and all these things \par
are come upon thee, in the latter days thou shalt return to Jehovah thy \par
God, and hearken unto his voice: \par
\par
31 for Jehovah thy God is a merciful God; he will \par
not fail thee, neither destroy thee, nor forget the covenant of thy \par
fathers which he sware unto them. \par
\par
32 For ask now of the days that are past, which were \par
before thee, since the day that God created man upon the earth, and \par
from the one end of heaven unto the other, whether there hath been \par
[any such thing] as this great thing is, or hath been heard like it? \par
\par
33 Did ever a people hear the voice of God speaking \par
out of the midst of the fire, as thou hast heard, and live? \par
\par
34 Or hath God assayed to go and take him a nation \par
from the midst of [another] nation, by trials, by signs, and by \par
wonders, and by war, and by a mighty hand, and by an outstretched \par
arm, and by great terrors, according to all that Jehovah your God did \par
for you in Egypt before your eyes? \par
\par
35 Unto thee it was showed, that thou mightest \par
know that Jehovah he is God; there is none else besides him. \par
\par
36 Out of heaven he made thee to hear his voice, \par
that he might instruct thee: and upon earth he made thee to see his \par
great fire; and thou heardest his words out of the midst of the fire. \par
\par
\page\par
37 And because he loved thy fathers, therefore he \par
chose their seed after them, and brought thee out with his presence, \par
with his great power, out of Egypt; \par
\par
38 to drive out nations from before thee greater and \par
mightier than thou, to bring thee in, to give thee their land for an \par
inheritance, as at this day. \par
\par
39 Know therefore this day, and lay it to thy heart, \par
that Jehovah he is God in heaven above and upon the earth beneath; \par
there is none else. \par
\par
40 And thou shalt keep his statutes, and his \par
commandments, which I command thee this day, that it may go well \par
with thee, and with thy children after thee, and that thou mayest \par
prolong thy days in the land, which Jehovah thy God giveth thee, for \par
ever. \par
\par
41 Then Moses set apart three cities beyond the \par
Jordan toward the sunrising; \par
\par
42 that the manslayer might flee thither, that slayeth \par
his neighbor unawares, and hated him not in time past; and that \par
fleeing unto one of these cities he might live: \par
\par
43 [namely], Bezer in the wilderness, in the plain \par
country, for the Reubenites; and Ramoth in Gilead, for the Gadites; \par
and Golan in Bashan, for the Manassites. \par
\par
44 And this is the law which Moses set before the \par
children of Israel: \par
\par
45 these are the testimonies, and the statutes, and \par
the ordinances, which Moses spake unto the children of Israel, when \par
they came forth out of Egypt, \par
\par
46 beyond the Jordan, in the valley over against \par
Beth-peor, in the land of Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt at \par
Heshbon, whom Moses and the children of Israel smote, when they \par
came forth out of Egypt. \par
\par
47 And they took his land in possession, and the \par
land of Og king of Bashan, the two kings of the Amorites, who were \par
beyond the Jordan toward the sunrising; \page\par
48 from Aroer, which is on the edge of the valley of \par
the Arnon, even unto mount Sion (the same is Hermon), \par
\par
49 and all the Arabah beyond the Jordan eastward, \par
even unto the sea of the Arabah, under the slopes of Pisgah. \par
}
 