{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Numbers 1 \par
\par
1 And Jehovah spake unto Moses in the wilderness of \par
Sinai, in the tent of meeting, on the first day of the second month, in \par
the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, \par
saying, \par
\par
2 Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children \par
of Israel, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the \par
number of the names, every male, by their polls; \par
\par
\page\par
3 from twenty years old and upward, all that are able to \par
go forth to war in Israel, thou and Aaron shall number them by their \par
hosts. \par
\par
4 And with you there shall be a man of every tribe; every \par
\par
one head of his fathers' house. \par
5 And these are the names of the men that shall stand \par
with you. Of Reuben: Elizur the son of Shedeur. \par
\par
6 Of Simeon: Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai. \par
7 Of Judah: Nahshon the son of Amminadab. \par
8 Of Issachar: Nethanel the son of Zuar. \par
9 Of Zebulun: Eliab the son of Helon. \par
10 Of the children of Joseph: Of Ephraim: Elishama the \par
\par
\par
son of Ammihud. Of Manasseh: Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur. \par
11 Of Benjamin: Abidan the son of Gideoni. \par
12 Of Dan: Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai. \par
13 Of Asher: Pagiel the son of Ochran. \par
14 Of Gad: Eliasaph the son of Deuel. \par
15 Of Naphtali: Ahira the son of Enan. \par
16 These are they that were called of the congregation, \par
\par
\par
the princes of the tribes of their fathers; they were the heads of the \par
\par
\par
thousands of Israel. \par
17 And Moses and Aaron took these men that are \par
mentioned by name: \par
\par
18 And they assembled all the congregation together on \par
the first day of the second month; and they declared their pedigrees \par
after their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number \par
of the names, from twenty years old and upward, by their polls. \par
\par
19 As Jehovah commanded Moses, so he numbered them \par
in the wilderness of Sinai. \par
\par
\page\par
20 And the children of Reuben, Israel's first-born, their \par
generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to \par
the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty \par
years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war; \par
\par
21 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Reuben, were forty and six thousand and five hundred. \par
\par
22 Of the children of Simeon, their generations, by their \par
families, by their fathers' houses, those that were numbered thereof, \par
according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from \par
twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war; \par
\par
23 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Simeon, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred. \par
\par
24 Of the children of Gad, their generations, by their \par
families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the \par
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go \par
forth to war; \par
\par
25 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Gad, were forty and five thousand six hundred and fifty. \par
\par
26 Of the children of Judah, their generations, by their \par
families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the \par
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go \par
forth to war; \par
\par
27 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Judah, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred. \par
\par
28 Of the children of Issachar, their generations, by their \par
families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the \par
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go \par
forth to war; \par
\par
29 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Issachar, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred. \par
\par
30 Of the children of Zebulun, their generations, by their \par
families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the \par
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go \par
forth to war; \par
\par
\page\par
31 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Zebulun, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred. \par
\par
32 Of the children of Joseph, [namely], of the children of \par
Ephraim, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, \par
according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and \par
upward, all that were able to go forth to war; \par
\par
33 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Ephraim, were forty thousand and five hundred. \par
\par
34 Of the children of Manasseh, their generations, by \par
their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the \par
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go \par
forth to war; \par
\par
35 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Manasseh, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred. \par
\par
36 Of the children of Benjamin, their generations, by \par
their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the \par
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go \par
forth to war; \par
\par
37 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Benjamin, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred. \par
\par
38 Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their \par
families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the \par
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go \par
forth to war; \par
\par
39 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Dan, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred. \par
\par
40 Of the children of Asher, their generations, by their \par
families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the \par
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go \par
forth to war; \par
\par
41 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Asher, were forty and one thousand and five hundred. \par
\par
\page\par
42 Of the children of Naphtali, their generations, by their \par
families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the \par
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go \par
forth to war; \par
\par
43 those that were numbered of them, of the tribe of \par
Naphtali, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred. \par
\par
44 These are they that were numbered, whom Moses and \par
Aaron numbered, and the princes of Israel, being twelve men: they \par
were each one for his fathers' house. \par
\par
45 So all they that were numbered of the children of \par
Israel by their fathers' houses, from twenty years old and upward, all \par
that were able to go forth to war in Israel; \par
\par
46 even all they that were numbered were six hundred \par
thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty. \par
\par
47 But the Levites after the tribe of their fathers were not \par
numbered among them. \par
\par
48 For Jehovah spake unto Moses, saying, \par
\par
49 Only the tribe of Levi thou shalt not number, neither \par
shalt thou take the sum of them among the children of Israel; \par
\par
50 but appoint thou the Levites over the tabernacle of the \par
testimony, and over all the furniture thereof, and over all that \par
belongeth to it: they shall bear the tabernacle, and all the furniture \par
thereof; and they shall minister unto it, and shall encamp round about \par
the tabernacle. \par
\par
51 And when the tabernacle setteth forward, the Levites \par
shall take it down; and when the tabernacle is to be pitched, the \par
Levites shall set it up: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put \par
to death. \par
\par
52 And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents, every \par
man by his own camp, and every man by his own standard, according \par
to their hosts. \par
\par
53 But the Levites shall encamp round about the \par
tabernacle of the testimony, that there be no wrath upon the \par
congregation of the children of Israel: and the Levites shall keep the \par
charge of the tabernacle of the testimony. \par
\par
\page\par
54 Thus did the children of Israel; according to all that \par
Jehovah commanded Moses, so did they. \par
}
 