{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Numbers 3 \par
\par
1 Now these are the generations of Aaron and Moses in \par
the day that Jehovah spake with Moses in mount Sinai. \par
\par
2 And these are the names of the sons of Aaron: Nadab \par
the first-born, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. \par
\par
\page\par
3 These are the names of the sons of Aaron, the priests \par
that were anointed, whom he consecrated to minister in the priest's \par
office. \par
\par
4 And Nadab and Abihu died before Jehovah, when they \par
offered strange fire before Jehovah, in the wilderness of Sinai, and \par
they had no children; and Eleazar and Ithamar ministered in the \par
priest's office in the presence of Aaron their father. \par
\par
5 And Jehovah spake unto Moses, saying, \par
\par
6 Bring the tribe of Levi near, and set them before Aaron \par
the priest, that they may minister unto him. \par
\par
7 And they shall keep his charge, and the charge of the \par
whole congregation before the tent of meeting, to do the service of \par
the tabernacle. \par
\par
8 And they shall keep all the furniture of the tent of \par
meeting, and the charge of the children of Israel, to do the service of \par
the tabernacle. \par
\par
9 And thou shalt give the Levites unto Aaron and to his \par
sons: they are wholly given unto him on the behalf of the children of \par
Israel. \par
\par
10 And thou shalt appoint Aaron and his sons, and they \par
shall keep their priesthood: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be \par
put to death. \par
\par
11 And Jehovah spake unto Moses, saying, \par
\par
12 And I, behold, I have taken the Levites from among \par
the children of Israel instead of all the first-born that openeth the \par
womb among the children of Israel; and the Levites shall be mine: \par
\par
13 for all the first-born are mine; on the day that I smote \par
all the first-born in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn \par
in Israel, both man and beast; mine they shall be: I am Jehovah. \par
\par
14 And Jehovah spake unto Moses in the wilderness of \par
Sinai, saying, \par
\par
15 Number the children of Levi by their fathers' houses, \par
by their families: every male from a month old and upward shalt thou \par
number them. \par
\par
\page\par
16 And Moses numbered them according to the word of \par
Jehovah, as he was commanded. \par
\par
17 And these were the sons of Levi by their names: \par
Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari. \par
\par
18 And these are the names of the sons of Gershon by \par
their families: Libni and Shimei. \par
\par
19 And the sons of Kohath by their families: Amram, \par
and Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel. \par
\par
20 And the sons of Merari by their families: Mahli and \par
Mushi. These are the families of the Levites according to their \par
fathers' houses. \par
\par
21 Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites, and the \par
family of the Shimeites: these are the families of the Gershonites. \par
\par
22 Those that were numbered of them, according to the \par
number of all the males, from a month old and upward, even those \par
that were numbered of them were seven thousand and five hundred. \par
\par
23 The families of the Gershonites shall encamp behind \par
the tabernacle westward. \par
\par
24 And the prince of the fathers' house of the \par
Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael. \par
\par
25 And the charge of the sons of Gershon in the tent of \par
meeting shall be the tabernacle, and the Tent, the covering thereof, \par
and the screen for the door of the tent of meeting, \par
\par
26 and the hangings of the court, and the screen for the \par
door of the court, which is by the tabernacle, and by the altar round \par
about, and the cords of it for all the service thereof. \par
\par
27 And of Kohath was the family of the Amramites, and \par
the family of the Izharites, and the family of the Hebronites, and the \par
family of the Uzzielites: these are the families of the Kohathites. \par
\par
28 According to the number of all the males, from a \par
month old and upward, there were eight thousand and six hundred, \par
keeping the charge of the sanctuary. \par
\par
\page\par
29 The families of the sons of Kohath shall encamp on \par
the side of the tabernacle southward. \par
\par
30 And the prince of the fathers' house of the families of \par
the Kohathites shall be Elizaphan the son of Uzziel. \par
\par
31 And their charge shall be the ark, and the table, and \par
the candlestick, and the altars, and the vessels of the sanctuary \par
wherewith they minister, and the screen, and all the service thereof. \par
\par
32 And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be \par
prince of the princes of the Levites, [and have] the oversight of them \par
that keep the charge of the sanctuary. \par
\par
33 Of Merari was the family of the Mahlites, and the \par
family of the Mushites: these are the families of Merari. \par
\par
34 And those that were numbered of them, according to \par
the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were six \par
thousand and two hundred. \par
\par
35 And the prince of the fathers' house of the families of \par
Merari was Zuriel the son of Abihail: they shall encamp on the side \par
of the tabernacle northward. \par
\par
36 And the appointed charge of the sons of Merari shall \par
be the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars \par
thereof, and the sockets thereof, and all the instruments thereof, and \par
all the service thereof, \par
\par
37 and the pillars of the court round about, and their \par
sockets, and their pins, and their cords. \par
\par
38 And those that encamp before the tabernacle \par
eastward, before the tent of meeting toward the sunrising, shall be \par
Moses, and Aaron and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary \par
for the charge of the children of Israel; and the stranger that cometh \par
nigh shall be put to death. \par
\par
39 All that were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses \par
and Aaron numbered at the commandment of Jehovah, by their \par
families, all the males from a month old and upward, were twenty \par
and two thousand. \par
\par
\page\par
40 And Jehovah said unto Moses, Number all the firstborn \par
males of the children of Israel from a month old and upward, \par
and take the number of their names. \par
\par
41 And thou shalt take the Levites for me (I am Jehovah) \par
instead of all the first-born among the children of Israel; and the \par
cattle of the Levites instead of all the firstlings among the cattle of \par
the children of Israel: \par
\par
42 and Moses numbered, as Jehovah commanded him, \par
all the first-born among the children of Israel. \par
\par
43 And all the first-born males according to the number \par
of names, from a month old and upward, of those that were numbered \par
of them, were twenty and two thousand two hundred and threescore \par
and thirteen. \par
\par
44 And Jehovah spake unto Moses, saying, \par
\par
45 Take the Levites instead of all the first-born among \par
the children of Israel, and the cattle of the Levites instead of their \par
cattle; and the Levites shall be mine: I am Jehovah. \par
\par
46 And for the redemption of the two hundred and \par
threescore and thirteen of the first-born of the children of Israel, that \par
are over and above [the number of] the Levites, \par
\par
47 thou shalt take five shekels apiece by the poll; after \par
the shekel of the sanctuary shalt thou take them (the shekel is twenty \par
gerahs): \par
\par
48 and thou shalt give the money, wherewith the odd \par
number of them is redeemed, unto Aaron and to his sons. \par
\par
49 And Moses took the redemption-money from them \par
that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites; \par
\par
50 from the first-born of the children of Israel took he \par
the money, a thousand three hundred and threescore and five \par
[shekels], after the shekel of the sanctuary: \par
\par
51 and Moses gave the redemption-money unto Aaron \par
and to his sons, according to the word of Jehovah, as Jehovah \par
commanded Moses. \par
}
 