{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Numbers 4 \par
\par
1 And Jehovah spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, \par
saying, \par
\par
2 Take the sum of the sons of Kohath from among the \par
sons of Levi, by their families, by their fathers' houses, \par
\par
3 from thirty years old and upward even until fifty years \par
old, all that enter upon the service, to do the work in the tent of \par
meeting. \par
\par
4 This is the service of the sons of Kohath in the tent of \par
meeting, [about] the most holy things: \par
\par
5 when the camp setteth forward, Aaron shall go in, and \par
his sons, and they shall take down the veil of the screen, and cover \par
the ark of the testimony with it, \par
\par
6 and shall put thereon a covering of sealskin, and shall \par
spread over it a cloth all of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof. \par
\par
7 And upon the table of showbread they shall spread a \par
cloth of blue, and put thereon the dishes, and the spoons, and the \par
bowls and the cups wherewith to pour out; and the continual bread \par
shall be thereon: \par
\par
8 and they shall spread upon them a cloth of scarlet, and \par
cover the same with a covering of sealskin, and shall put in the staves \par
thereof. \par
\par
9 And they shall take a cloth of blue, and cover the \par
candlestick of the light, and its lamps, and its snuffers, and its \par
snuffdishes, and all the oil vessels thereof, wherewith they minister \par
unto it: \par
\par
10 and they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within \par
a covering of sealskin, and shall put it upon the frame. \par
\par
11 And upon the golden altar they shall spread a cloth of \par
blue, and cover it with a covering of sealskin, and shall put in the \par
staves thereof: \par
\par
\page\par
12 and they shall take all the vessels of ministry, \par
wherewith they minister in the sanctuary, and put them in a cloth of \par
blue, and cover them with a covering of sealskin, and shall put them \par
on the frame. \par
\par
13 And they shall take away the ashes from the altar, and \par
spread a purple cloth thereon: \par
\par
14 and they shall put upon it all the vessels thereof, \par
wherewith they minister about it, the firepans, the flesh-hooks, and \par
the shovels, and the basins, all the vessels of the altar; and they shall \par
spread upon it a covering of sealskin, and put in the staves thereof. \par
\par
15 And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of \par
covering the sanctuary, and all the furniture of the sanctuary, as the \par
camp is set forward; after that, the sons of Kohath shall come to bear \par
it: but they shall not touch the sanctuary, lest they die. These things \par
are the burden of the sons of Kohath in the tent of meeting. \par
\par
16 And the charge of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest \par
shall be the oil for the light, and the sweet incense, and the continual \par
meal-offering, and the anointing oil, the charge of all the tabernacle, \par
and of all that therein is, the sanctuary, and the furniture thereof. \par
\par
17 And Jehovah spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, \par
saying, \par
\par
18 Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the \par
Kohathites from among the Levites; \par
\par
19 but thus do unto them, that they may live, and not die, \par
when they approach unto the most holy things: Aaron and his sons \par
shall go in, and appoint them every one to his service and to his \par
burden; \par
\par
20 but they shall not go in to see the sanctuary even for a \par
moment, lest they die. \par
\par
21 And Jehovah spake unto Moses, saying, \par
\par
22 Take the sum of the sons of Gershon also, by their \par
fathers' houses, by their families; \par
\par
23 from thirty years old and upward until fifty years old \par
shalt thou number them; all that enter in to wait upon the service, to \par
do the work in the tent of meeting. \par
\par
\page\par
24 This is the service of the families of the Gershonites, \par
in serving and in bearing burdens: \par
\par
25 they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle, and the \par
tent of meeting, its covering, and the covering of sealskin that is \par
above upon it, and the screen for the door of the tent of meeting, \par
\par
26 and the hangings of the court, and the screen for the \par
door of the gate of the court, which is by the tabernacle and by the \par
altar round about, and their cords, and all the instruments of their \par
service, and whatsoever shall be done with them: therein shall they \par
serve. \par
\par
27 At the commandment of Aaron and his sons shall be \par
all the service of the sons of the Gershonites, in all their burden, and \par
in all their service; and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all their \par
burden. \par
\par
28 This is the service of the families of the sons of the \par
Gershonites in the tent of meeting: and their charge shall be under the \par
hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest. \par
\par
29 As for the sons of Merari, thou shalt number them by \par
their families, by their fathers' houses; \par
\par
30 from thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years \par
old shalt thou number them, every one that entereth upon the service, \par
to do the work of the tent of meeting. \par
\par
31 And this is the charge of their burden, according to all \par
their service in the tent of meeting: the boards of the tabernacle, and \par
the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and the sockets thereof, \par
\par
32 and the pillars of the court round about, and their \par
sockets, and their pins, and their cords, with all their instruments, and \par
with all their service: and by name ye shall appoint the instruments of \par
the charge of their burden. \par
\par
33 This is the service of the families of the sons of \par
Merari, according to all their service, in the tent of meeting, under the \par
hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest. \par
\par
34 And Moses and Aaron and the princes of the \par
congregation numbered the sons of the Kohathites by their families, \par
and by their fathers' houses, \par
\par
\page\par
35 from thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years \par
old, every one that entered upon the service, for work in the tent of \par
meeting: \par
\par
36 and those that were numbered of them by their \par
families were two thousand seven hundred and fifty. \par
\par
37 These are they that were numbered of the families of \par
the Kohathites, all that did serve in the tent of meeting, whom Moses \par
and Aaron numbered according to the commandment of Jehovah by \par
Moses. \par
\par
38 And those that were numbered of the sons of \par
Gershon, their families, and by their fathers' houses, \par
\par
39 from thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years \par
old, every one that entered upon the service, for work in the tent of \par
meeting, \par
\par
40 even those that were numbered of them, by their \par
families, by their fathers' houses, were two thousand and six hundred \par
and thirty. \par
\par
41 These are they that were numbered of the families of \par
the sons of Gershon, all that did serve in the tent of meeting, whom \par
Moses and Aaron numbered according to the commandment of \par
Jehovah. \par
\par
42 And those that were numbered of the families of the \par
sons of Merari, by their families, by their fathers' houses, \par
\par
43 from thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years \par
old, every one that entered upon the service, for work in the tent of \par
meeting, \par
\par
44 even those that were numbered of them by their \par
families, were three thousand and two hundred. \par
\par
45 These are they that were numbered of the families of \par
the sons of Merari, whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to \par
the commandment of Jehovah by Moses. \par
\par
46 All those that were numbered of the Levites, whom \par
Moses and Aaron and the princes of Israel numbered, by their \par
families, and by their fathers' houses, \par
\par
\page\par
47 from thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years \par
old, every one that entered in to do the work of service, and the work \par
of bearing burdens in the tent of meeting, \par
\par
48 even those that were numbered of them, were eight \par
thousand and five hundred and fourscore. \par
\par
49 According to the commandment of Jehovah they were \par
numbered by Moses, every one according to his service, and \par
according to his burden: thus were they numbered of him, as Jehovah \par
commanded Moses. \par
}
 