{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 1 Chronicles 6 \par
\par
1 The sons of Levi: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. \par
\par
2 And the sons of Kohath: Amram, Izhar, and \par
Hebron, and Uzziel. \par
\par
3 And the children of Amram: Aaron, and Moses, \par
and Miriam. And the sons of Aaron: Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and \par
Ithamar. \par
\par
4 Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua, \par
\par
5 and Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi, \par
\par
6 and Uzzi begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat \par
Meraioth, \par
\par
7 Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat \par
Ahitub, \par
\par
8 and Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat \par
Ahimaaz, \par
\par
9 and Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat \par
Johanan, \par
\par
10 and Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed \par
the priest's office in the house that Solomon built in Jerusalem), \par
\par
11 and Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat \par
Ahitub, \par
\par
\page\par
12 and Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat \par
\par
\par
Shallum, \par
13 and Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat \par
Azariah, \par
\par
\par
14 and Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat \par
\par
\par
Jehozadak; \par
15 And Jehozadak went [into captivity], when \par
Jehovah carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of \par
Nebuchadnezzar. \par
\par
\par
16 The sons of Levi: Gershom, Kohath, and Merari. \par
\par
\par
17 And these are the names of the sons of Gershom: \par
Libni and Shimei. \par
18 And the sons of Kohath were Amram, and Izhar, \par
\par
\par
and Hebron, and Uzziel. \par
\par
\par
19 The sons of Merari: Mahli and Mushi. And these \par
are the families of the Levites according to their fathers' [houses]. \par
20 Of Gershom: Libni his son, Jahath his son, \par
\par
\par
Zimmah his son, \par
\par
\par
21 Joah his son, Iddo his son, Zerah his son, Jeatherai \par
his son. \par
22 The sons of Kohath: Amminadab his son, Korah \par
\par
\par
his son, Assir his son, \par
\par
\par
23 Elkanah his son, and Ebiasaph his son, and Assir \par
his son, \par
24 Tahath his son, Uriel his son, Uzziah his son, and \par
\par
\par
Shaul his son. \par
25 And the sons of Elkanah: Amasai, and Ahimoth. \par
26 As for Elkanah, the sons of Elkanah: Zophai his \par
\par
\par
son, and Nahath his son, \par
27 Eliab his son, Jeroham his son, Elkanah his son. \par
\par
\par
\page\par
28 And the sons of Samuel: the first-born [Joel], and \par
the second Abijah. \par
\par
29 The sons of Merari: Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei \par
his son, Uzzah his son, \par
\par
30 Shimea his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son. \par
\par
31 And these are they whom David set over the \par
service of song in the house of Jehovah, after that the ark had rest. \par
\par
32 And they ministered with song before the \par
tabernacle of the tent of meeting, until Solomon had built the house \par
of Jehovah in Jerusalem: and they waited on their office according to \par
their order. \par
\par
33 And these are they that waited, and their sons. Of \par
the sons of the Kohathites: Heman the singer, the son of Joel, the son \par
of Samuel, \par
\par
34 the son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of \par
Eliel, the son of Toah, \par
\par
35 the son of Zuph, the son of Elkanah, the son of \par
Mahath, the son of Amasai, \par
\par
36 the son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of \par
Azariah, the son of Zephaniah, \par
\par
37 the son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of \par
Ebiasaph, the son of Korah, \par
\par
38 the son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of \par
Levi, the son of Israel. \par
\par
39 And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right \par
hand, even Asaph the son of Berechiah, the son of Shimea, \par
\par
40 the son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of \par
Malchijah, \par
\par
41 the son of Ethni, the son of Zerah, the son of \par
Adaiah, \par
\par
\page\par
42 the son of Ethan, the son of Zimmah, the son of \par
Shimei, \par
\par
43 the son of Jahath, the son of Gershom, the son of \par
Levi. \par
\par
44 And on the left hand their brethren the sons of \par
Merari: Ethan the son of Kishi, the son of Abdi, the son of Malluch, \par
\par
45 the son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, the son \par
of Hilkiah, \par
\par
46 the son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of \par
Shemer, \par
\par
47 the son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of \par
Merari, the son of Levi. \par
\par
48 And their brethren the Levites were appointed for \par
all the service of the tabernacle of the house of God. \par
\par
49 But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of \par
burnt-offering, and upon the altar of incense, for all the work of the \par
most holy place, and to make atonement for Israel, according to all \par
that Moses the servant of God had commanded. \par
\par
50 And these are the sons of Aaron: Eleazar his son, \par
Phinehas his son, Abishua his son, \par
\par
51 Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son, \par
\par
52 Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his \par
son, \par
\par
53 Zadok his son, Ahimaaz his son. \par
\par
54 Now these are their dwelling-places according to \par
their encampments in their borders: to the sons of Aaron, of the \par
families of the Kohathites (for theirs was the [first] lot), \par
\par
55 to them they gave Hebron in the land of Judah, \par
and the suburbs thereof round about it; \par
\par
56 but the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, \par
they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh. \par
\par
\page\par
57 And to the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of \par
refuge, Hebron; Libnah also with its suburbs, and Jattir, and \par
Eshtemoa with its suburbs, \par
\par
58 and Hilen with its suburbs, Debir with its suburbs, \par
\par
59 and Ashan with its suburbs, and Beth-shemesh \par
with its suburbs; \par
\par
60 and out of the tribe of Benjamin, Geba with its \par
suburbs, and Allemeth with its suburbs, and Anathoth with its \par
suburbs. All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities. \par
\par
61 And unto the rest of the sons of Kohath [were \par
given] by lot, out of the family of the tribe, out of the half-tribe, the \par
half of Manasseh, ten cities. \par
\par
62 And to the sons of Gershom, according to their \par
families, out of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, \par
and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in \par
Bashan, thirteen cities. \par
\par
63 Unto the sons of Merari [were given] by lot, \par
according to their families, out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the \par
tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities. \par
\par
64 And the children of Israel gave to the Levites the \par
cities with their suburbs. \par
\par
65 And they gave by lot out of the tribe of the \par
children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, and \par
out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities which are \par
mentioned by name. \par
\par
66 And some of the families of the sons of Kohath \par
had cities of their borders out of the tribe of Ephraim. \par
\par
67 And they gave unto them the cities of refuge, \par
Shechem in the hill-country of Ephraim with its suburbs; Gezer also \par
with its suburbs, \par
\par
68 and Jokmeam with its suburbs, and Beth-horon \par
with its suburbs, \par
\par
69 and Aijalon with its suburbs, and Gath-rimmon \par
with its suburbs; \par
\par
\page\par
70 and out of the half-tribe of Manasseh, Aner with \par
its suburbs, and Bileam with its suburbs, for the rest of the family of \par
the sons of Kohath. \par
\par
71 Unto the sons of Gershom [were given], out of the \par
family of the half-tribe of Manasseh, Golan in Bashan with its \par
suburbs, and Ashtaroth with its suburbs; \par
\par
72 and out of the tribe of Issachar, Kedesh with its \par
suburbs, Daberath with its suburbs, \par
\par
73 and Ramoth with its suburbs, and Anem with its \par
suburbs; \par
\par
74 and out of the tribe of Asher, Mashal with its \par
suburbs, and Abdon with its suburbs, \par
\par
75 and Hukok with its suburbs, and Rehob with its \par
suburbs; \par
\par
76 and out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh in Galilee \par
with its suburbs, and Hammon with its suburbs, and Kiriathaim with \par
its suburbs. \par
\par
77 Unto the rest of [the Levites], the sons of Merari, \par
[were given], out of the tribe of Zebulun, Rimmono with its suburbs, \par
Tabor with its suburbs; \par
\par
78 and beyond the Jordan at Jericho, on the east side \par
of the Jordan, [were given them], out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in \par
the wilderness with its suburbs, and Jahzah with its suburbs, \par
\par
79 and Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath \par
with its suburbs; \par
\par
80 and out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth in Gilead with \par
its suburbs, and Mahanaim with its suburbs, \par
\par
81 and Heshbon with its suburbs, and Jazer with its \par
suburbs. \par
}
 